you guys seen these new stride gum
commercials their catchphrase is a
little bit epic as if the events
occurring I guess the idea is the events
occurring in the commercial are a little
bit epic is he definitely a little bit
epic um something to do with gum I don't
know they're trying to sell gum somehow
through this but what I found if you
haven't seen the commercial so write
this fellas chillin in like a coffee
shop or some shit this girl walks in and
his inner dialogue I guess you're
hearing isn't her dialogue he's all like
oh that's the girl that broke you're
still reading her to moving pieces when
I whatever the fuck he said basically
she this this girl broke his heart and
so he sees he's he's like oh my god what
order would were do so so he uh he goes
through in his head what what he should
do and it goes through the scenarios i
think there's different versions of the
commercial but anyways when he decides
on is from his seated position in the
middle of the shop he when she's like
going towards the door he's gonna walk
all the way over there and open the door
for that that's pretty much what they're
or his definition of a little bit epic
is this is the most most pathetic shit
I've ever seen in my life so so then he
gets like a little half smile from her
he's all like he go kazusa like hey hey
and he gets like a little like half
smile from her and and it's like a
little bit definitely a little bit at
what the fuck that was that was terrible
dude you you dropped the ball you fucked
up that wasn't a little bit epic a
little bit epic would have been if if
you're chillin in the coffee shop and
like five supermodels are taking turns
blowing you under the table and she
walks in and sees that that might be a
little bit epic her her giving you like
you rushing over to open the door for
and her
like a half-smile man fleeing the
fucking scene that is not a little I me
yeah oh oh congratulations sound the
fucking victory orange van that was so
epic that she of like acknowledged that
you opened the door for kind of I mean I
don't see how they can portray that or
try to frame that as being an epic event
anyone else with me here am I the only
one on this it just seems crazy like I
can't imagine that it's like the only
one more pathetic than that guy is the
guy watching that commercial thinking oh
that that is a little bit epic that he
opened the door for the girl that broke
his heart and then she smiled and
revealed that he has minty fresh breath
or assumption and you know he's gonna be
sitting there you know that night he's
sitting there staring at his phone
waiting for her to call like I don't
understand why she's not calling me I
mean I open the door for I exposed my
minty fresh breath she knows mark my
breath is fresh I don't understand what
she's not calling me holy shit I don't
know